docs/factions/gc.md, before:

 ## The Greenie Company

 ![Greenie Company Logo](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1211592958437236756/1213680664763834389/Greeny_Company_Flag.png?ex=65f65b33&is=65e3e633&hm=d0524b9f68c28ef19d0bd1a1d792d4e353316cb62f8af499994b7f61971b5ade&=&format=webp&quality=lossless&width=243&height=495)

Faction that desires to be one of the most influential nations on the server. They remain neutral, but will fight if needed.

### 👥 **Members**:
- [Reguleo](staff/leo.md) (Council member)
- SparkSteel8 (Council Member)
- Rogerner
- Fraderz
- SpoiledBoi64
- Derpsion (Honorary Member)
- [Targaros](staff/targ.md) (Honorary Member)

## History

### Seasons 1-2

The Greenies originally began in Season 1, with the original creator, Derpsion, being the leader. The faction had a primary emphasis on trading and selling goods, and during the second season, it made its own form of currency of green dye from cacti. Eventually, with the end of Season 2, the Greenies was dissolved as a result of the new policy that required all factions to dissolve at the end of a season, and due to a general inactivity of members, Derpsion himself becoming less active. 

### Season 3

Mid-late Season 3, Reguleo with Targaros and SparkSteel8, and eventually Derpsion founded The Greenies again. Like the original, the newly created faction would focus on trading and exporting items. Their motto was "Fierce heart, fearless mind".

The leaders at the time were Reguleo, Derpsion, and SparkSteel8, making the "Council". Eventually, near the end of Season 3, Targaros was promoted to be part of it and Derpsion retired of his powers as member of the Council, partially due to his inactivity).

After a while, the faction had become quite established. A new member at the time, [Aji](staff/aji.md) decided to join the faction as well. Meanwhile, Targaros had set out to create a [clock tower](/structures/season3/tgbase.md) that would serve as the main base of the Greenies, housing the team's nether portal, various chests, a map of the area and the music reserves. Targ, being the main builder of the faction, had also helped to establish several members' bases, namely Reguleo's house and Fraderz's house. She also helped to make the Greenies sponsored V.A.P.E shop, which would have state-of-the-art smoking facilities, until it shot down due to inability to stop smoke-thieves and normal robbers. In addition to this, she also made a Fireworks shop, which was mainly supplied with gunpowder and paper from the faction's farms, also built by her.

Meanegile, Aji decided to leave the Greenies and joined DRON. However, she kept her base open to The Greenies members, as a sign of companionship with her former faction. 

The Greenies were closely allied with DRON, with the two factions sharing each other's farms and cooperating. Greenie members were always allowed within DRON territory, proof of this is Targaros worked closely with Slimsomai to build his Cana Bar in LM. 

At the end of Season 3, the Greenies had ammassed around 10-15 members, making it one of the larger factions, although most were very inactive.

Targaros planned to make a castle as a more proper base than the clock tower, but the season end cut her plans short.

### Season 4

At the start of Season 4, Reguleo decided to rebrand and restructure the Greenies, renaming the faction to "Greenie Company". It was a throwback to his old faction he had created, the Venevian Company, before the start of the Greenies in Season 3. Reguleo established the official Greenies base on a small spruce island, and the base was rapidly expanded by Fraderz and SparkSteel8. Targaros however, decided not to rejoin the faction.

The base is still a work in progress, but recent business deals with the [Areial Empire](factions/ae.md) has rapidly expedited that process.

## Achievements

The Greenies had amassed a decent fortune in terms of wealth (in diamonds, netherite, and other rare items) in Season 3. In addition to this, there was a villager breeder, a sugar cane farm, a gunpowder farm, and a super smelter. Serving as the main base to the Greenies, there was the Avarous Clocktower (sic), which was built by Targaros. Smaller player bases include Reguleo's oak house, Fraderz's spruce house, and Nedya's starter house (which was later repurposed as SparkSteel8's home). In season 4, a well established dock as well as Reguleo's spruce house has been made. SparkSteel also has a house. A few sales of andesite to the Areial Empire has also helped increase the Greenies material wealth to several stacks of iron and diamonds.

## Trivia
The name "Greenies" was chosen because of Derpsion's favorite color. The Avarous Clocktower was somewhat inspired by Elizabeth Clock.

Commit message:

Added SparkSteel8 page and modified greenies page to reflect recent updates

docs/factions/gc.md, after:

 ## The Venevian Company

 ![Venevian Company Logo](https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/1211592958437236756/1213680664763834389/Greeny_Company_Flag.png?ex=65f65b33&is=65e3e633&hm=d0524b9f68c28ef19d0bd1a1d792d4e353316cb62f8af499994b7f61971b5ade&=&format=webp&quality=lossless&width=243&height=495)

Faction that desires to be one of the most influential nations on the server. They remain neutral, but will fight if needed.

### 👥 **Members**:
- [Reguleo](staff/leo.md) (Council member)
- SparkSteel8 (Council Member)
- Ed
- Boy
- Mart
- Fraderz
- SpoiledBoi64
- Derpsion (Honorary Member)
- [Targaros](staff/targ.md) (Honorary Member)

## History

### Seasons 1-2
> [!NOTE]  
> The Greenies was re-named to Greenie Company which was then renamed to Venvian Company
The Greenies originally began in Season 1, with the original creator, Derpsion, being the leader. The faction had a primary emphasis on trading and selling goods, and during the second season, it made its own form of currency of green dye from cacti. Eventually, with the end of Season 2, the Greenies was dissolved as a result of the new policy that required all factions to dissolve at the end of a season, and due to a general inactivity of members, Derpsion himself becoming less active. 

### Season 3

Mid-late Season 3, Reguleo with Targaros and SparkSteel8, and eventually Derpsion founded The Greenies again. Like the original, the newly created faction would focus on trading and exporting items. Their motto was "Fierce heart, fearless mind".

The leaders at the time were Reguleo, Derpsion, and SparkSteel8, making the "Council". Eventually, near the end of Season 3, Targaros was promoted to be part of it and Derpsion retired of his powers as member of the Council, partially due to his inactivity).

After a while, the faction had become quite established. A new member at the time, [Aji](staff/aji.md) decided to join the faction as well. Meanwhile, Targaros had set out to create a [clock tower](/structures/season3/tgbase.md) that would serve as the main base of the Greenies, housing the team's nether portal, various chests, a map of the area and the music reserves. Targ, being the main builder of the faction, had also helped to establish several members' bases, namely Reguleo's house and Fraderz's house. She also helped to make the Greenies sponsored V.A.P.E shop, which would have state-of-the-art smoking facilities, until it shot down due to inability to stop smoke-thieves and normal robbers. In addition to this, she also made a Fireworks shop, which was mainly supplied with gunpowder and paper from the faction's farms, also built by her.

Meanegile, Aji decided to leave the Greenies and joined DRON. However, she kept her base open to The Greenies members, as a sign of companionship with her former faction. 

The Greenies were closely allied with DRON, with the two factions sharing each other's farms and cooperating. Greenie members were always allowed within DRON territory, proof of this is Targaros worked closely with Slimsomai to build his Cana Bar in LM. 

At the end of Season 3, the Greenies had ammassed around 10-15 members, making it one of the larger factions, although most were very inactive.

Targaros planned to make a castle as a more proper base than the clock tower, but the season end cut her plans short.

### Season 4

At the start of Season 4, Reguleo decided to rebrand and restructure the Greenies, renaming the faction to "Greenie Company". It was a throwback to his old faction he had created, the Venevian Company, before the start of the Greenies in Season 3. Reguleo established the official Greenies base on a small spruce island, and the base was rapidly expanded by Fraderz and SparkSteel8. Targaros however, decided not to rejoin the faction.

The base is still a work in progress, but recent business deals with the [Areial Empire](factions/ae.md) has rapidly expedited that process.

After a while, Unium got tired of Reguleo reviving the greenies each season, so Reguleo and Spark took the decision to rename the faction to **"Venvian Company"**

## Achievements

The Greenies had amassed a decent fortune in terms of wealth (in diamonds, netherite, and other rare items) in Season 3. In addition to this, there was a villager breeder, a sugar cane farm, a gunpowder farm, and a super smelter. Serving as the main base to the Greenies, there was the Avarous Clocktower (sic), which was built by Targaros. Smaller player bases include Reguleo's oak house, Fraderz's spruce house, and Nedya's starter house (which was later repurposed as SparkSteel8's home). In season 4, a well established dock as well as Reguleo's spruce house has been made. SparkSteel also has a house. A few sales of andesite to the Areial Empire has also helped increase the Greenies material wealth to several stacks of iron and diamonds.

## Trivia
The name "Greenies" was chosen because of Derpsion's favorite color. The Avarous Clocktower was somewhat inspired by Elizabeth Clock.
